birds oh where is it oh fuck it was to
everyone at unitech here I'm gonna bring
you a live commentary with delam entry
uh he's on the skype call with me we're
gonna carry our teammates duo 45 victory
on lockdown right now it's going to be
pretty interesting to see whether or not
we can beat these guys gonna blow up
those icicles in the center got some hit
markers over on the sniper tower or the
brks ordell Scott's already just said
sectors 3 i'm br3 library on three well
one on hope Graham I'm going to do this
young gr3 just sort snipe exploded
somewhere easy truth still we convey our
3 i'm pushing across taunted i got'em
one day or one week play a dear ones
pushing bottom on they got a nice s1 and
bottom middle not as long as patata
middle sunshine instead as to too honest
to brushes which is three library
library to my very messy emanating I
don't know where sort got one chance a
sniper rifle went at all off photo
finish one Chen library got him nice br1
going to work top lift right now so you
have shields another one top lift have
shields guy walnut one of them it
needing it s three week going us to one
shot oh we liked this to us wonder now
easy truth is doc don't push across guys
and I got one guy chin tells going ham
all he died yeah we and pushers Ross yet
we got the art control 1 1 BR one right
now but one second i'm not looking good
st's one shot all got one beautiful i
think there was one on the lift but i'm
not sure bottom lift okay oh yeah sores
don't be or three is when i left it up
and grab it me a second it wasn't for
Miss to where I dr 30 front be our three
way up there damn it no wonder history
nice nice s3 right now one shot another
one s you have shields oh you need a
storage bag pink ones an elbow here 31
racers are bottom sword when I have
soared in library
look at one bottom middle right now one
shot smile this just week is really weak
bottom middle a good sniper a su now
fuzzy muffin icicles were coming up easy
truth has three one shot got him yeah
good shit always teamwork am i pushing
with a sword we got to bottom it'll and
if you can push shots from BR 32 s 2 and
back him down on pushin alright this
week fuzzy bluffing this week was with
Chef a sniper and this one going is to
right now he jumped off like a chance on
him is Tim Lillian wine Deana he's s1
with sore sniper he's going all the way
to elbow right now okay i'm watching it
I assurance on them I got two shots on
got him good help lifting friendly top
blue 22 top with week rock bottom in one
shot the other ones one shot up top I'm
watching it phatom sniper sketch it out
to one elbow right now okay I see him a
chance on both both one shot one guy's
good Gail's washdown library spawning
one up on me trying to jump the s to do
right now dad I ham and top lip lift top
layer in that double down I'm looking a
looking vr1 bottom lift vr1 seriously oh
I go yeah i'm going to bottom middle
from bottom lift i'll blow up one shot i
see'em both one shot nating top with top
lift oh see oh ok to go vendetta running
riot staying alive there are no oh Jesus
barrel drunk crap i could have been bad
get up top i'm going to blow up these
icicles ok you're getting topless anyone
lift one coming in short cut right now
I'll get them don't you dare stick me on
my nice my free dude not down for that
you're sitting nades three BR two three
even one's own library yeah one drop
here would let him go are going to be
our three ice I'm gonna icicle them up
there okay I see that pump fit easily
he's watching a shortcut is to their in
library watching this round was going
one on top yeah
library catwalk Snatchers up I got it it
means i got sniper sword oh shit we have
0 PR control huh it went on closed
ransom or a movie like that I'm hmmm you
pass her dad was oh can you pepper that
icicle this one uh yeah I got a Hail
Mary with the hill still one on elbow
here I'm gonna get you killed I go I
think I saw someone thought him on open
side listen blue okay I'm gonna place I
don't have my ash risen so I can't hear
any game set so I'll tell you to lift on
this one always got shocked and dude the
longest range shotgun all time i
presently shall now make your chin mate
yeah just tie minute or cut right now we
could call work a week random nades holy
crap tum it like i got to us one is weak
as another one just one guy we're gonna
have that shotgun watch I'm right where
they can you put ah I got one item Tom
in perfection Oh think tacular beautiful
come here teammate come here good game
you know sick alright everyone i hope
you enjoyed that communication and
teamwork even though it was only the two
of us we managed to work together lock
down most of the map and destroy as you
saw i got a perfection with 19 kills if
I didn't miss some of those Snipes at
the end there I could had 20 for sure
but still 19 and 0 very good job dealt
with 12 freaking assists as well as
going pull us time that's how you do it
babe let's go Carrie